Hypothesis 1A: Priming users with a positively  framed message about a web browser will lead to higher ratings of performance for that browser than for the most widely-used browser.

Hypothesis 1B: Priming users with a positively  framed message about the superior performance of a web browser will lead to  higher ratings of performance for that browser than for the most  widely-used browser.

Hypothesis 1C: The positively framed message  about the superior performance of a web browser will lead to higher ratings of performance for that browser than the positively framed message about  that web browser.

Hypothesis 2A: Participants who self-report a  high level of technical proficiency will find the articles to be less credible  than participants with an average or low level of technical proficiency.


Hypothesis 2C: Participants who self-report a  high level of technical proficiency will find the control article more credible  than the priming articles about Mozilla Firefox.

Hypothesis 2D: The priming effect on browser  performance will be absent among the participants who self-report an above  average level of technical proficiency.


Hypothesis 3A: Participants with educational  attainment of at least a college degree will find the articles to be less  credible than participants without a college degree.

Hypothesis 3B: Participants with above average  income will find the articles to be less credible than the participants with  average or below average income.

Hypotheses 3C: Participants with above average SES (above average income x college degree) will find the articles to be less credible than participants with average or low SES.

^ there are lots of other things that we should probably look at in this area which would probably be best accomplished with a factor analysis: did certain races/genders/professions/etc. find the articles more credible than others? which groups were more affected by the priming?


Hypothesis 4A: Participants who report using  Mozilla Firefox as their primary browser will rate its performance higher than  Google Chrome.

Hypothesis 4B: Participants who report using Google  Chrome as their primary browser will rate its performance higher than Mozilla  Firefox.

Hypothesis 4C: Participants who do not see a  priming article about Mozilla Firefox will rate the performance of Google  Chrome as faster than Mozilla Firefox.
